my-docs/docs/index.md, before:

# Everything as Code

## About

```markdown
IBM Cloud

Jaric Sng

Technology Architect
IBM Cloud Integration (ASEAN)
sngtpj@sg.ibm.com
```

## Landscape

Business Challenges

- Industrial 4.0
- Disruption
- Stay ahead of competition
- Innovation 
- Cost optimization

## Operation as Code

Examples of Operation as Code 

- Ansible Runbook
- Use of Operator in Kubernetes

## Project Scaffolding as Code

Examples of project Scaffolding as Code

- Yeoman
- LoopBack
- and many others the generate project codes

## Documentation as Code

Examples of Documentation as Code use of markup languages

- markdown
- html
- sphinx
- pydoc
- mkdocs
- latex for report, article, thesis, presentation

## Infrastructure as Code

Examples of Infrastructure as Code

- [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html) for many providers: IBM, AWS, Google, Azure and [many more providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html)
- [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/intro/getting-started)
- [Heat Orchestration Template (HOT)](https://docs.openstack.org/heat/rocky/template_guide/hot_guide.html) for OpenStack
- [vApp Templates](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director/10.0/com.vmware.vcloud.tenantportal.doc/GUID-D5737821-C3A4-4C73-8959-CA293C12A7DE.html) only for VMware
- [CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/) for AWS 

## Configuration as Code

- ansible
- chef
- saltstack
- puppet

## Container as Code

- [dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) with docker or Podman & Buildah

## Presentation as Code

- [beamer](https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/beamer) with latex use modern theme [metropolis](https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
- write with markdown and convert to beamer with [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/)

## Diagram as Code

- yuml - [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JaimeOlivares.yuml) for VS Code.
- [Diagrams](https://diagrams.mingrammer.com/docs/getting-started/examples)
- online
    - [draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
    - [yuml.me](https://yuml.me/)

Commit message:

updated as code with links

my-docs/docs/index.md, after:

# Everything as Code

## About

```markdown
IBM Cloud

Jaric Sng

Technology Architect
IBM Cloud Integration (ASEAN)
sngtpj@sg.ibm.com
```

## Landscape

Business Challenges

- Industrial 4.0
- Disruption
- Stay ahead of competition
- Innovation 
- Cost optimization

## Operation as Code

Examples of Operation as Code 

- Ansible Runbook
- Use of Operator in Kubernetes

## Project Scaffolding as Code

Examples of project Scaffolding as Code

- Yeoman
- LoopBack
- and many others the generate project codes

## Documentation as Code

Examples of Documentation as Code use of markup languages

- markdown
- html
- sphinx
- pydoc
- mkdocs
- latex for report, article, thesis, presentation

## Infrastructure as Code

Examples of Infrastructure as Code

- [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/intro/index.html) for many providers: IBM, AWS, Google, Azure and [many more providers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/index.html)
- [vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/intro/getting-started)
- [Heat Orchestration Template (HOT)](https://docs.openstack.org/heat/rocky/template_guide/hot_guide.html) for OpenStack
- [vApp Templates](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director/10.0/com.vmware.vcloud.tenantportal.doc/GUID-D5737821-C3A4-4C73-8959-CA293C12A7DE.html) only for VMware
- [CloudFormation](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/) for AWS 
- [chef](https://www.chef.io/)
- [ansible](https://www.ansible.com/resources/get-started)
- [puppet](https://puppet.com/)
- [Serverspec](https://serverspec.org/)

## Configuration as Code

- [ansible](https://www.ansible.com/resources/get-started) and [ansible playbook](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks.html)
- [chef](https://www.chef.io/configuration-management/)
- [saltstack](https://www.saltstack.com/)
- [puppet](https://puppet.com/)

## Container as Code

- [dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) with docker or Podman & Buildah

## Presentation as Code

- [beamer](https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/beamer) with latex use modern theme [metropolis](https://github.com/matze/mtheme)
- write with markdown and convert to beamer with [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/)

## Diagram as Code

- yuml - [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JaimeOlivares.yuml) for VS Code.
- [Diagrams](https://diagrams.mingrammer.com/docs/getting-started/examples)
- online
    - [draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
    - [yuml.me](https://yuml.me/)

## Security as Code

- SonarQube static analysis
- [OpenSCAP](https://www.open-scap.org/)

[OWASP Security Knowledge Framework](https://github.com/blabla1337/skf-flask)
Security Knowledge Framework is an expert system application that uses the OWASP Application Security Verification Standard with detailed code examples (secure coding principles) to help developers in pre-development and post-development phases and create applications that are secure by design.

## Pipeline as Code

- [Apache Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/)
- [Jenkins](https://www.jenkins.io/)
- [Tekton](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline#-tekton-pipelines)
